hi I'm Doreen hopper I'm an ice skating
coach and an ISU technical specialist
and I'm going to talk you through a
figure skating element I'm going to
guide you through how to perform a camel
spin the camel spin is the position
where your leg is extended out behind
you and the leg has to be higher than
your hip to actually be a camel spin
the entry for the camel spin will be
performed with back cross cuts on the
last back crosscut you'll be standing on
a right back inside edge your upper body
will be going against the bottom half of
your body so you'll be in a wind-up
position with your left arm in front and
your right arm back behind as you step
into the spin onto a left board outside
you unwind
will unwind into the spin down on your
left knee with your weight over on your
left hand side you then come up on your
knee as you come up on your knee your
right free leg back behind you will rise
up so that it is higher than your hip
level your shoulders will be over your
hips so they're parallel to the ice your
arms will be out to the side and you
will perform rotations in this position
to exit out of the spin you will come
into an upright position bring in your
right free leg down so that you are
spinning for a few rotations in a basic
upright position
to exit out you will push from your left
foot onto your right back outside which
will have a running edge with your free
leg back behind you and extended and
your arms out to the side with a good
upper body position and that's how to
perform a camel spin
you